Add kiam support (#20)
giantswarm/fluent-logshipping-app: README.md

Configuration options are documented in [Configuration.md](helm/fluent-logshipping-app/Configuration.md) document.

## AWS

### Prerequisites 

> - When using Cloudwatch or S3 a new role has to be created upfront allowing push the logs to the backend(s). More info about permissions in official docs ([S3](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-plugin-s3#iam-policy), [CloudWatch](https://github.com/fluent-plugins-nursery/fluent-plugin-cloudwatch-logs#preparation)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using Cloudwatch or S3 a new role has to be created upfront which allows pushing of the logs to the backend(s). More info about permissions in official docs ([S3](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-plugin-s3#iam-policy), [CloudWatch](https://github.com/fluent-plugins-nursery/fluent-plugin-cloudwatch-logs#preparation)).
```

Reviewer: only a minor suggestion
